USE YOUR OWN HEADLINES - RANDOM, ONCE PER CREATIVE PER RUN - NO OPENAI KEY

UPDATING AN EXISTING BOT
Keep your personal headline_pool.txt, state.json.enc and existing Secrets.
The ZIP includes sample headlines; replace its samples with your own file before
uploading. Install checkpoint_encrypted_state.py as well as snap_headline_bot.py.
Let the running job finish first, then upload the update in the same repository.
For full replacement, follow REPLACE_ALL_FILES.txt.

1. Extract the complete ZIP on your computer.
2. Open headline_pool.txt in Notepad.
3. Replace ALL the sample lines with your own 400, 500 or 800 headlines.
   Put ONE headline on each line. Do not add numbers, bullets, quotation marks,
   column headings, or commas between separate headlines.
4. Each Arabic headline must fit within 34 characters, including spaces.
   Save as UTF-8 and keep the filename exactly headline_pool.txt.
5. Upload it with the complete package. For an existing bot, follow
   REPLACE_ALL_FILES.txt in the SAME repository with your existing Secrets.
6. In Actions -> Run workflow, choose:
     target_slot: your selected target (for example target_2)
     run_mode: test
     headline_source: manual
     max_updates: 80
     monitoring: one_check
7. Confirm the log says:
     Bot version: 2026.09.13-random-per-workflow-run
     Headline selection: RANDOM; no repeats per Creative within this workflow run; resets on a new run.
     Manual headline pool: ... distinct lines loaded; OpenAI is disabled.
   The number may be smaller if your file contains repeated or blank lines.
8. Check the target and preview count, then use live mode for actual edits.
   Keep headline_source=manual for live and overnight runs too.

HOW YOUR LIST IS USED
- Each eligible Creative gets a RANDOM suitable line from the headlines it has
  not already used during THIS workflow run. It does not follow file order.
- All overnight checks belong to one run; usage does not reset every 60 seconds.
- Starting another workflow run resets headline usage automatically. Previously
  used lines become available again. Its current headline is still excluded.
- Different Creatives can use the same line, including 10 or 80 at once.
- After an edit, that Creative waits for review. A confirmed later rejection
  makes it eligible for another random unused suitable line.
- No headline is reused on that same Creative once it is in THIS RUN's usage list.
  Changes only to spacing, punctuation, diacritics or invisible formatting still
  count as the same wording. Duplicate lines are ignored and do not increase
  their chance of selection.
- Distinct personal lines are allowed even when their wording is similar.
- A Creative that exhausts the list is skipped for the rest of this run. A NEW
  workflow run starts fresh. Other eligible Creatives can continue in this run.
- APPROVED, PENDING and unknown review statuses remain protected. Existing
  linked-Ad checks and conditional Creative PATCH protections are retained.
- Lines that exceed 34 characters or contain an internal resource name are skipped.

Before each live edit on GitHub Actions, the bot reserves that headline in the
Creative's history, encrypts it and pushes it to GitHub. A failed save stops the
edit. Statuses and linked Ads are checked again AFTER the save. The log says:
  Encrypted headline reservation saved before edit.
This adds one encrypted history commit per planned edit plus the cycle's final save.

Reserved lines are not recycled within this run, even if a status check skips the edit.
If a run is interrupted and the result cannot be confirmed, that Creative waits
instead of retrying an uncertain edit. Other eligible Creatives can continue.
Only headline usage resets. Approval records, pending reviews and uncertain edits
remain protected across workflow runs. Keep state.json.enc and its encryption key.
Manual launches, scheduled launches and GitHub re-run attempts each start a new
headline list. You do not need to delete any state file or change any Secret.

800 headlines means 800 candidate options for each Creative. The separate limit
of 80 is the maximum number of eligible Creatives edited in one check.

SECRETS
Manual mode needs your Snapchat credentials and the state encryption key.
OPENAI_API_KEY and PRODUCT_CONTEXT are NOT required. Existing OpenAI Secrets can
remain; they are unused in manual mode. No OpenAI generation is requested.
Retain STATE_ENCRYPTION_KEY and the saved history in this same repository.

ADDING MORE LINES LATER
Update headline_pool.txt after the running job finishes, commit the file, then
start a new workflow run. A job already running uses its checked-out file.
Reordering lines during a run does not reset usage. The next workflow launch does.

OPTIONAL AI MODES
manual_then_openai tries your list first, then asks OpenAI for remaining candidates.
openai generates suggestions directly. These modes need OPENAI_API_KEY and
PRODUCT_CONTEXT. Keep manual selected if you want only your own text.
