SNAPCHAT COMPLETE BOT - REPLACE ALL OLD FILES - UP TO 80 CREATIVES

You can delete all old files and upload ALL files in this package, keeping your
existing GitHub Secrets. Follow REPLACE_ALL_FILES.txt.

Use the SAME GitHub repository. Keep its Git commit history and keep the current
STATE_ENCRYPTION_KEY Secret unchanged. Do not delete/recreate the repository.

This version automatically restores a deleted state.json.enc from the most recent
saved version in the repository's commit history before Snapchat access. You do
not need to upload the old state file manually or generate another refresh token.
Saved approval records and headline history are retained through that recovery.

If no state was ever committed or its history was erased, the bot starts new
history and reports that in the log. Secrets cannot recreate unsaved records.
Current approved/pending status checks still apply.

The default source is your headline_pool.txt. No OpenAI key is needed.
Read PERSONAL_HEADLINES.txt and replace the sample list with your 500 or 800
personal headlines, one per line. Repository Variables are optional.

HEADLINE RULE IN THIS VERSION
The same headline may be used on many different Creatives. Each Creative keeps
its own used list for ONE WORKFLOW RUN. Selection is RANDOM from its unused
suitable lines. All overnight checks share that list. Used lines do not wrap
around within a run. Starting a NEW workflow run resets headline usage.
Approval records and pending review waits remain protected across runs.
Each planned edit's encrypted history is pushed before the edit; a failed save
stops that edit. Fresh approved/pending protections are then checked again.
No new setting or Secret is needed. Keep your own headline_pool.txt when updating.

OPENAI 429 IN YOUR LOG?
Read OPENAI_429_HELP.txt. This package includes safe OpenAI error codes and
limited retries. Install both the worker and workflow, or follow the full-file
replacement instructions. Keep all existing Secrets and the encryption key.
These OpenAI settings apply only to optional AI modes, not manual mode.

Creating a bot for a different Ad Account?
Open README.md and follow "New bot setup". Use a separate repository and a new
state encryption key for that account. Start without another account's state.
An existing valid refresh token can be used with its matching OAuth Client ID
and Client Secret if its authorized user can access the target account.

WHAT IS INCLUDED
- Complete snap_headline_bot.py with the 80-Creative ceiling and status guards.
- GitHub Actions workflow in .github/workflows/snapchat-headline-editor.yml.
- state_crypto.py and requirements.txt.
- checkpoint_encrypted_state.py to save each planned headline before the edit.
- restore_encrypted_state.py for automatic recovery after file replacement.
- 100 Arabic headline options and an archived historical hash list (not applied).
- PowerShell helpers for target IDs, OAuth tokens, and encryption keys.
- Setup guide, full replacement guide, and cross-organization authentication guide.
- OpenAI 429 troubleshooting guide and quota-aware monitor stop handling.
- Personal headline instructions; 500/800-line files supported without OpenAI.

The ZIP contains source files, not your passwords, tokens, or saved account data.
GitHub installs the Python dependencies from requirements.txt during each job.

STATUS RULES
Only a DISAPPROVED Creative linked exclusively to REJECTED live Ads in your
selected squads can pass the checks. APPROVED, PENDING, PENDING_REVIEW, unknown
statuses, and links outside your selected squads block the edit.
Read README.md for the limitations when statuses change during a request.

FIRST RUN AFTER INSTALLING THIS VERSION
target_slot: target_1
run_mode: test
headline_source: manual
max_updates: 80
monitoring: one_check

Confirm this new log line:
Headline selection: RANDOM; no repeats per Creative within this workflow run; resets on a new run.

Then verify one live edit with max_updates=1 and monitoring=one_check.
After that succeeds and encrypted state is saved, use max_updates=60 or 80.

WINDOWS HELPERS
Extract the ZIP first. In File Explorer, open the extracted folder, click its
address bar, type powershell, and press Enter. Run one of these commands:

Find Ad Squad IDs using your existing token:
powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\get_snap_ids.ps1

Generate a key ONLY for a new bot with no saved encrypted history:
powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\generate_state_key.ps1

Generate a refresh token ONLY if you need one:
powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\get_snap_token.ps1

The token and key helpers copy their result to your Windows clipboard.
Paste the value directly into the matching GitHub Secret.
